Fix Boost installation, macOS-GCC guide. Set project default language to C++ (#509)
Desbordante/desbordante-core: README.md

Before building the project you must set locally or in the above-mentioned dotfiles the following CMake environment variables:
```sh
export CXX=g++-14
export DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/lib:${DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH}
```

> The first two lines set GCC as the default compiler in CMake. The last export is the solution for dynamic linking with python module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first line sets GCC as the default compiler in CMake. The last export is the solution for dynamic linking with python module.
```
